- [Instructor] Now let's implement an API
to create a TourRating.
But can all the attributes of a TourRating
be sent in the request body?
Well, let's look at TourRating.
We have a integer score and a string comment,
yeah that's fine sending on a HTTP payload.
Let's look at TourRatingPk.
Ah, so we have a tour, which is a type tour
and a customer ID, which is integer.
Customer ID is fine but I don't think
a client would want to send an entire tour
as part of the request body,
they would likely just use a tour identifier.
So we should create a data transfer object
to encapsulate the request body.
And that's what I've done in RatingDto.
So in this web packet I have RatingDto
and the attributes are score, a comment, and a customer ID.
We don't have a tour ID in here.
And that's because that's going to be
a parameter on the URL.
So we can apply Java validations here.
The minimum score is zero, the maximum score is five.
And then the maximum number of characters
in the comment string is 255.
And the customer ID is not null.
So whenever this RatingDto is passed to the create method
as a request body, Java will do the validation for us.
So let's go into our TourRating controller.
So we need to implement a controller method
and this method will have to validate the request body
as we've talked about and validate the tour ID
by looking up the tour.
So if it does not then return an HTTP status 404,
we have to instantiate a new TourRating,
persist it, and then return a 201 or created status.
Before we implement the method to create a TourRating,
I wanted to point out to you on line 43,
I have verifyTour, which is a helper method.
So given a tourID, it will look up the tour
and if that tour does not exist,
and no such element exception is thrown,
otherwise it returns a tour.
And then we have another helper method on line 56
which is an exception handler,
which will trap any no such element exceptions,
get the string message off the exception
and then return the HTTP status not found,
which is a 404 back to the client.
So let's create our method.
createTourRating is the name of our method
and we need the tourID,
a RatingDto,
and that's it.
Maybe we can give it a little more space here.
Now we want to look up the tour given the tourID.
And we'll use our helper method.
And if the tour wasn't found, an exception will be thrown
so we would not proceed to the next line here.
So now we're going to use tourRatingRepository.save.
And we'll create a new TourRating object.
And that requires a TourRatingPk.
The TourRatingPk requires a tour and a customer ID.
And the customer ID is on the RatingDto.
And then we need to get the score and the comment.
Okay, so that's basic Java going on there,
but we need to add annotations to tell
Spring Web MVC what to do with this method.
So first of all, we're going to say this is a PostMapping
and we're going to return a responseStatus of created.
Now, if you look up here at the top,
we have our request mapping
and then in curly brackets, tourID,
we need to map that into our parameter here.
So that will be PathVariable and Value is tourId.
And then, we want to say our request body is the ratingDto.
And then we also want to apply Java validations to it.
So let's build it.
And then we're going to run this in debug
and I'm going to put a breakpoint
at the beginning of that method.
We need to run this in debug.
Okay, it's up and running.
I have Postman up, and here, I am going
to create a tourRating.
So I need to have a valid tourId in here.
So let's actually look up the tours to find a valid tourId.
So let's see what the big server treat ID is.
It's got an ID of one.
So we'll just put a one in here.
And then, our JSON data is the score is five,
the comment was it was great and customerId is 123
and that will map into our RatingDto.
So let's send that.
And we have a breakpoint here.
We're verifying that there's a tour.
Just that tour exists and then save it.
And back here, we get a response 201 created.
Let's try a couple things to see
if our validation's correct,
let's just create a random tourId which we know
that there's no tour with that ID,
'cause there's only 30 tours.
And we come into our method
and this should draw an exception.
So if I try to step over, we don't even get
to the next thing, yes, it throws an exception, continue.
And the response is 404 Not Found,
thanks to our exception mapper.
And we'll change that back to one.
And let's change this score to 10.
And we know that a 10 is invalid score (mumbles)
so we could check if our validator works.
Oh, and also, we need to make sure that we put
a different customerId here.
And so I hit send and it replied with a 404 Bad Request.
I never hit my breakpoint.
And that's because before I even get to the body
of the method, the validation
happens beforehand automatically.
So now, we have a working API to create TourRatings.